So now did we explored the basics about web components and how we generally can get start working with
them.
How we can get started building them.
Now did we did that.
I want to dive into some more advanced features or into well the advanced basics you could call it.
So basically into the other things the next steps you need to know about building web components.
We'll have a detailed look at how we can work with these slots.
We already started working with how we can react to changes in our attributes and how we can all do
the work on the styling side to make sure our components are custom elements look the way we wanted
to look like.
So let's dive into all these things step by step.